#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   requests-cache
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via django-helusers
cattrs==23.1.2
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via django-anymail
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==3.2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-mailer
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-oidc-auth
django-anymail==10.2
    # via django-ilmoitin
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enumfields==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ilmoitin==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.1.0
    # via django-mptt
django-mailer==2.3
    # via django-ilmoitin
django-mptt==0.15.0
    # via django-munigeo
django-munigeo==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-oidc-auth
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-oidc-auth==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via python-jose
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via cattrs
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==20.0.3
    # via factory-boy
future==0.18.3
    # via pyjwkest
holidays==0.36
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via django-ilmoitin
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via django-mailer
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
packaging==23.2
    # via deprecation
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via requests-cache
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.19.0
    # via pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via drf-oidc-auth
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   holidays
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via django-helusers
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via django-munigeo
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-munigeo
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==1.1.0
    # via django-munigeo
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk==1.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-munigeo
    #   ecdsa
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   cattrs
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
